Music
Hollywood, California
Meltdown Comics
The Nerdfeld Leader
Harmontown is now in session
Music
Oh yeah
Spencer Crittenden in here
Do we have a Spencer?
Spencer in
Music
There he is
Bounding across the stage
Like a mountain goat
Music
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown
Mr. Dan Harmon
Music
Thank you
You
Um
Let's just have a sleepy show
Music
It's been a long weekend
It was Comic Con weekend
How many of you were in San Diego this weekend?
Applause
It was a long haul
And a very enjoyable one
We've got
We learned a lot
You had a busy docket too
You were all over the shop
Yup
Um
Did you get some business done?
Did you make some deals?
Yeah
Yeah man
I'm good man
Uh
Let's get
We're just trying to figure out what business
To get out of the way
Um
We have a guest tonight
We're going to chat
Chat with her
Um
Ryan Ridley's also going to join us in a bit
Yup
The Riddler
Uh
You know
The only things that are going on are
Look
Do you see the
I didn't talk about this last night
Did I
On Friday
The Trump ad
Is it his own people that made that?
The one that has the statistics
46 minutes of speech
22 minutes of applause
It was like
It was like stats about how great his speech went
It was so weird
He's a 16 year old girl
Going like
3 pounds of birthday cake
3 candles per
Square inch of frosting
It's your birthday you dumb fuck
It's what happens
No one has to love you in order for that to happen
You know Dan
You're going to have a fucking Republican convention
Talking about being president
The only alternative is a Democrat
They're there to cheer you
Dip shit
That doesn't mean you did something right
I think you come down on Trump a little too hard sometimes
Let the man have a chance
Let him talk
He took the Washington Post's press credentials away
You can't follow me around anymore
Because you always say mean things
That's the newspaper
They're totally anti-Trump
Every headline is like
He's a piece of shit
And here's why
But he is a piece of shit
And then also
Because he complained about it
They said
Why don't you come in
Because he kept talking about how they edit the articles
Or they misrepresent things
So they brought him in
And just sat him down
And they published the entire transcript
Then he's
Guess what
He's a fucking dumbass
Like it was like a three hour transcript of them
Just going like
Like what do you think of Nixon
Nixon was great
Nixon was good
He made some mistakes
But Nixon was a president
He was a huge president
Okay what about Abe Lincoln
Abe Lincoln
Abe you know
Great great president
Truly great president
Alright
But you guys can hear about all about that
He's gonna win
I got a fucking feeling
I'm not a pessimist
I don't want him to
I just feel like
We didn't think he was gonna get this far
And he's gonna ride that wave
All the way into the beach
Which is us all dying
Or will he ride a Russian conspiracy
To get him elected into the beach
What's the deal with that man
What the fuck are you talking about
We hear that the Russians are the hackers
That leaked all this DNC shit
It's pretty crazy man
And WikiLeaks loves Milo Yiannopoulos
All of a sudden
Some crazy world shit man
So there's this gay guy
He's like a republican gay guy
I'm gonna stop you right there
I'm gonna stop you there
He's like a pro Trump guy
So the campuses are turning
Like there's little Trump heads
On the campuses
Because how else are you gonna rebel now
They just want to worry people
That's their job, they're young
And they're really fond of this guy
I mean this is them cracking the code
Or rather the code is cracking them
Because they love a gay guy
Like we win
There's a certain respect
That's all we wanted
Like they can see that this guy is gay
And also a human being that they love
But they love him
Because he says all kinds of fucked up shit
And if you complain back
Then you're homophobic
It's pretty, it's kind of fun
We're all six years old
It's easy to follow politics now
Because it's like just
Tabitha hit someone with a toy truck
Like it's not that hard to
Like you used to have to know
What a majority whip was
I couldn't get through one episode
Of House of Cards
I'm like I don't know what the fuck a whip is
Stop telling me about the whip
How can a show where the guy talks
To the camera be this confusing
Dan Harmon really
That was me, I was the worst Kevin Spacey
I just started watching that
It's a good show
Well Jeff I'm glad you like that show
I'm not glad Jeff likes that show
But if I tell him I am
Well in about two terms
He'll flip like a labradoodle
At an Othello party
Oh Dan Harmon
I'm about to do the Harmon on Dan
Alright well let's bring out our new friend
I mean really she should be an old friend
I'm sure she is to many of you
She played maybe on Arrested Development
The rest of her resume is like
She clearly, she's probably
Someone hip enough to not mind being called hip
She's definitely a presence in the hip
The hip pocket of comedy
She's deputy chief of staff on Trump's campaign
But I ran into her at the up front
The Turner cable up front
So let's make friends with her
Shaw Cat is here
I just had this crazy panic as I was introducing you
Because I thought
Have I only seen her name in print
Have I ever said it out loud in front of her
Say it again to me but like in my eyes
Alia Shaw Cat
It's pretty close
I say Alia
Alia
You can say Alia
That's the first time I went Alia
Yeah it's okay
So there is a panic struck with a lot of people
Yeah
Is this a boa thing you have going on?
Is this part of the top?
No it's detachable
Oh yeah
I'm hip
I'm really hip
Yeah you know it's hot
But sometimes you get a little cold around the neck
I'm gonna make myself a
Straight up vodka drink if that's okay
Yeah yeah
You're not getting any flak from the
Elmo for industry people are you?
No me and Elmo had a thing so
Is that what color Elmo is?
She's wearing a fur thing for those of you
Listening in audio
Alright some of these people don't understand
I'm wearing Elmo around my neck
Alright so
Let's talk about when I was
At Turner
You were
What a weird thing that was by the way right?
Yeah well what's really weird is how funny
Conan O'Brien, Anderson Cooper
And Charles Barkley are as a
Three man comedy team
Like they really tore the place up
It was great cause like
Conan O'Brien and Charles Barkley
Started doing these basketball jokes
About yeah well I'm taller than you
Barkley was just shooting stuff off the hip
No pun intended I mean he was just like
He's funny he's actually
He was really funny
Straight up funny
But then right on schedule Anderson Cooper
Right as I was thinking like the same thing
Except because I'm a nerd like Anderson Cooper
Said guys I'm gay I've been like
My eyes glazed over
Five sports jokes ago
And it was really funny
I did a great job retelling his joke
Oh you're not gay so it's a little different effect
No it was such a strange thing that
They had a drone
On a leash
That was like hovering
Trying to get away
And Wolf Blitzer was just kind of
Staring at it like what's happening
And it was so odd and I was sitting
In the front row and I felt like this
Weird prom queen to an event
I had no attachment to cause it's like
It's mainly for promoters right so like
I mean not promoters advertisement
So it's like people from all over the country
Selling stuff for these networks
And they're like pushing
Turner you know so they're like
We make you know 18 to 24
And like all these percentages
And these like weird power point presentations
And fireworks
I took a picture of one thing it was like
Wolf Blitzer standing in front of a big screen
That said like your brand
Plus
Turner's Reach equals
Yeah it was like
It was like we're announcing the election
Results now cause that was part of what they were selling
That was the creepy part
Did you feel creeped out by the fact that
They kept insisting
That this election was going to be a squeaker
The same way the NFL would
Assure you that this Super Bowl is going to be
Is going to be packed
People are going to be glued to their sets
And it's like ugh I'm so uncomfortable with that
You're already state run
Television like you're already just this
One tube that people get all their information through
It's the state of our country that we're talking about
It's like crazy obviously it's going to have
Higher ratings but to be like
You better watch our country fall apart it's going to be crazy
Like stay tuned
That way
Because you guess who can
They can they can definitely put their
Thumb on the scale especially
If like the whole point is for
No thumb to be on there like a thumb weighs a lot
In journalism
Like Al Jazeera is probably like I don't know
Just watch cause it's the world
You know what I mean like stay tuned cause that's what's happening
And they're like no we're going to make this fun
Yeah it's very
Very disturbing
All the news organizations just keep boasting about
Ratings during these debates
And things like that and it's just like
It really is depressing
Yeah they definitely didn't
There was some 9-11 footage
Like cause it was like
We're always there CNN's always there
It was like friends
You know what I mean they're like remember friends huge hit
9-11 also a big hit
Two big hits
Well three
Two and a half big hits
I think one of those hits wasn't really a hit at all
Yeah
Oh are you one of those?
You think the reptilians did it?
I think one of those hits was
Planted detonators
On the eye beams of those
There's no black box found
What about
Building 7? How come?
It was funny too that
Sorry we can't move up but they said something about
They're doing another apprentice
Season
And Donald Trump is producing it
And I was like is this whole thing just to like
Yes
Just to get more people to watch the apprentice
Of course it is
He's already won if he doesn't win the presidency
He's already won
He's the most famous person in the world right now
He might be the most famous person of all time
Like you can't go anywhere in the world
Where he's not a punchline or a setup or a thing
I like to imagine it's like men in black
Like underneath it
And there's this tiny little dying alien
Who's actually running the body
That was the worst thing
We at Comic Con
Are the co-creator of Rick and Morty
Justin Roiland and his friends Alex Hirsch
And I can never remember the third guy's name
Because I don't want to get it wrong
Is this the guy you work with?
No
They had a party on this yacht
And they just
Why not invite everyone from Game of Thrones
And every fucker showed up
Every single goddamn throne
Ever in the game
Like
I didn't know that was going to happen
This party was on an old
Like 1929 yacht
Like a three deck old
Like Rockefeller's yacht kind of looking thing
From the old days
And our nerd comedy
And animator friends hanging out
And I'm around the bend and I see a guy
That I recognize and I go oh my god
And I just put my hand out and he goes hi
And it's Sam Well right
The chubby guy from Game of Thrones
Books and protects the baby
And kills the white walker with the thing
And I go oh I don't know his name
I'm like oh my god I love you on the show
And he goes thank you that's really nice
And they turn the corner
I go to the bar
Ramsay Bolton
That was the most freaked out one
Are you a Game of Thrones person?
No I'm not
You're an incredible sport
That's pretty great
Crazy
I mean aren't there like 32 cast members
All that shit?
Yeah and on all their names
Are like Yaman Yaman Yubin Yubin
You know they're not
No one's like Mike Steele Dick
Like so that you can just remember
It's like Dinklage and that's it
Like everybody else is like Yermin Sherman
Germs
Actually that would be easy to remember
Yermin Sherman Germs
But I was gonna say the tough thing was
Because you know they're fancy
They're an HBO show
They're from the most watched thing ever
They're like nerd royalty
And like it was just sad
Cause all I wanted to ask was
What's it like to be so fucking
Crazy famous right now
Which is an answer they can either
Their answer's gonna be the weirdest
The most distorted
And they're gonna be the most sick of answering that question
So it's like pointless to ask that
But it's really all I can think of to act
I can't think of
It's fucking crazy
It's a mindblower
My life has changed forever
Yeah and it's like what would that even mean
Yeah I'd go like okay I don't know why
So I don't know why I do that
I think it's just good when I'm like really into
Someone like I'm a fan of someone
Instead of like trying to interact with them
So they actually know who I am
I just like to like get stoned with them
Or you know get like in an environment
Where we get a little drunk or something
Great good
But just to like kind of like
Change reality where it's like
Oh this person that I'm used to seeing talk
I get to see in this like alternate
Like I don't know that's the only best
Take away I can get from it
Because any time I try to like connect with someone I'm a fan of
Never works
Well there's all that pressure it's like
Oh how can I fuck this up
Which is something you should never be thinking
When you're talking to someone
Because that's like that's something that
Imagine you did that when you ordered coffee
Yeah
Did it wait today?
I just want to finish my one thought
So you don't think that I have to do these weird segues
Because I would hate for you to think that
It's already happening
This thing runs like a swisk
That's why they call them Dan
Stay on target Herman
But I just wanted to connect those dots
The bummer was that
In the midst of all of that
Humility and fanboyishness
That I was feeling like
The other thing for them to talk about was
Like so like Trump
You know and it's like I don't want
I don't want Sir Davos
Having to worry about that shit
But it is something for him to worry
About
He's got to worry about his fingers
He's got to worry about all sorts of things
He had ten fingers and he
In the show does he have like nine or something
The crazy thing was they just finished
Shooting so they all have the same haircut
Like they all
But they're wearing his J.Crew shirts
But it's like a little bit of
Products you know
Except for there's you probably
The show is ubiquitous enough that you
Are you familiar with the image of
Varis the bald eunuch
Like he's kind of portly
I feel like I am now
Where he's like a big robe
Maybe even in memes
You would have encountered this image
Of this guy like he's the master
Of gossip and
Sabotage and subterfuge
And relies on apparently a network
Of underage children to
I don't know
Wow this show goes deep
And he can teleport sometimes but
What
Yeah that dude goes
I'll be right back and he's on
He's across the entire planet
But anyways he was
Suffice it to say the guy is
He's like
He has three things about him
That make him recognizable
He was the one guy because he had
It was Tan Varis with like a full head
Of hair so he wasn't getting
Fucked with at all he didn't have to
Answer any of my dumbass questions
He probably was sad about that
He's got it made man
That's what you want you want to play
A character that has an eye patch
So that you can detach yourself
Totally
You were super young when you were
Yeah I mean
I was 14 and I did the pilot
What was your acting
Hubba hubba
You grew up in Palm Springs
I just researched
Like so were you
Not so many cheers for that huh
Sherman's Deli
Yeah that's all I have
And your dad was an actor so
No so my grandfather was an actor
Alright Wikipedia
It hasn't been updated
No my dad so my grandfather
Was an actor and like
Was born in New Orleans and like had a career
In Hollywood in like the 50's and 60's
He was in like Thomas Crown Affair
And Valley of the Dolls
And then he did a TV
Show called Naked City
In 12 o'clock high
And then he kind of got like blacklisted
Because he like slept with a British model
Whose husband was like a studio guy
I don't know there's something that happened
You know towards the end but
My mom was like raised in Hollywood
And then my dad
Is from Baghdad, Baghdad dad
Baghdad dad
He had a whole bag of dads there
A whole bag of dads, I just picked one
And so he
Came over in the 70's
Like $200 in his pocket
And his family
Owns a lot of the big strip clubs
In Hollywood like Seventh Veil
The Body Shop girls girls girls
Yeah so
He was a bar back
Seventh Veil was the first one
Because he was trying to still convince himself
He was like it's not at all
It's classy and it's cultural
I don't think they're worried about that
But my mom
Was like a law school dropout
And so she got a job as a waitress
At the Body Shop
And they met and
Fell in love
And then decided to open up their own business
In Palm Springs because my grandfather
Had a weekend home in Palm Springs
He retired because all the actors in the 60's did
And so then they moved there
And opened up their own strip club
And uh
This is so romantic as long as they're still together
They are still together and the strip club is still going
And uh
That's called show girls
It's a cathedral city
I have to imagine there was some sort of mafia connection
Not your family but if you're going to open up
A strip club in Palm Springs
The mob is involved right
You know what I mean
There was just like a lot of them
Uh
They're Arabic
They have gold chains
They're gamblers
We went to Vegas every weekend
A lot of my childhood
So it was very like anything you need
It had the same persona
But I don't think they were like
Killing people
Sometimes one of the clubs would burn down
That kind of thing
That's what I'm talking about
But my dad is very like
The straightest arrow of the bunch
Like he's very conservative
So in Palm Springs
This one would be run like a tight ship
No more burning
He's a very honest business man
Yeah
We have a friend Chris Romano
This is all public record
He said it on TV
He's told the story on the podcast
His name is Chris Romano
He couldn't be more Italian
A little
Sounds like a horrible debate
He's short
But he's so Italian
And so charming
And he was always
His partner Eric Faulkner from Boston
So he's got this Boston accent
And he's just like, uh, Chris Romano
Ladies can't resist me
Also, to know him for 15 minutes
You've seen his dick twice
That guy's dick is out
He's very open
He lowers the bar of
Go to channel101.com and watch Shit Buster
You'll know everything you need to know
So he finds out
In his adulthood
Like way into being a whole human being
He finds out that
Romano was this
Like, you know, who
Quickly chosen
Witness protection program name
That I think his dad picked
And he was a Lebanese arsonist
Oh my god
So this quintessential Boston
Italian kid
All of a sudden you're like
Oh, you're Lebanese
He was doing a drunk history
And he was going to talk about
The Red Sox winning the World Series
And he got so drunk
Derek Waters kept getting him drunker
And drunker, and drunker
And finally he couldn't get past Game 1
He couldn't get to Game 2
He lost all train of thought
And he goes, I'm so sorry
You know my dad was the most famous arsonist
In Massachusetts
And he's in the
Witness, they were in the Witness
Location program
And I run into
Chris Romano in the baby
Toy section at a Toys R Us
Don't ask why I was there
He has a baby, I was just there being
A competitor
But he told this thing, I got so drunk
I told the story, he was like
A lot of the people I talk about are still alive
They're in jail
Because his dad would
Those are the dots I was connecting
Mob, Middle Eastern
And
The arson business
My dad will be so happy
Because I guess he was just a guy
You hired, he was like a fire bug
You know, you just like, for insurance
There's a guy that you actually get
That specializes in setting the fires
Like an air braleota
It was a movie, guys
It was in a burning building
The reason we ran into each other
At that weird up front was
Because you were in something
That's rolling out, are you only acting in that?
I'm producing it too
And it's
What's it called?
A search party
Is it airing yet?
No, it comes out in November
On TBS
But they dropped the very funny, so it's just TBS
When I first found out I was like
TBS, very funny
We're not doing that anymore
The only bad thing about the history channel
Was that right before I started doing a show on it
They had decided
That they were rebranding
Just the word history
Interesting
You have to catch yourself
I'm on the history
Ask any of these guys
I made it through the transgender revolution
Without a hitch
I wove through those cones
Like a fucking
Greased shark
Like a greased shark
Going through cones
But
That doesn't conjure up alacrity
They weren't attached to the seaport
They weren't floating
The history thing really
Through me
It's the history channel
Every time you want to make a joke
Within the show
The history channel people are here
They correct you
They're the most
Lacy fair, like chilled
Non-channel
In the world
In history
But
It would just come through
It was an edict that trickled down to
My set
It was usually levy
You gotta say history instead of history channel
Fucking dick
He's crying
He's laughing
But
I could
Whatever
It's a show
The show is
It's a group of friends
Who are kind of reuniting
In the wake of one of their friends'
Disappearances, right?
Yeah, they're like friends
They're kind of like not the best people
My character's kind of a wallflower
She doesn't know what she wants
Millennial sort
And then a girl from college
She went to school with it
She didn't know well at all
In front of Finder
She's not the right person for the job
But she becomes obsessed with it
I describe it as a hipster Colombo
Yeah
That's got my number
John Early's in it
It's just based on anything in reality?
No, the creators of the show
Sarah Violet-Bliss
And Charles Rogers
Have weird mysteries in their family
But
That's all I'll tell you
So they kind of were inspired by that
Like having a mystery
And if something happened
Like someone went missing in our lives right now
Like what would we do?
What are the tools we actually have to find somebody?
But it's not really based on anything
But now, whether it's because I did the show or not
I noticed so many missing
Poster things
Before the show, I was like, people don't go missing anymore
I mean, they do, I guess, but I just wasn't aware of it
But now there's so many posters
Where people are like, college
I've been kind of collecting them in a weird way
To validate my career, I think
You just never saw it
You're now seeing them
Yeah, I'm just noticing them everywhere
And that's like when the pilot starts
It's a lot of me doing this
Just like staring off
Into the distance, like looking confused
That's like 90% of the show
So this is a pilot you shot
Or it's been picked up for series?
We shot a whole first season
Congratulations
We assume if it's a
If it's a ratings bonanza
Then at the end of it, you'll have the extra scene
That you shot where she goes
Like, you know what, I love solving mysteries
Yeah, exactly
And then I'm like, if you love solving them too
Press A
And then it's an interactive show
Is it something you do, continue to do?
Yeah, I mean, I always have
Like a little, not to be like, oh, I'm scared of TV
But TV shows go on for like
So fucking long, it's kind of insane
So like, I'm not going to be like
I'd love to do it for the next decade of my life
But I definitely like to do like
Yeah, three seasons, I don't know
Yeah, you'll, you'll
I want to do it again
I mean, this is just the old curmudgeon in me
I'm just like shaking my cane at you and going like
Oh, you'll get a taste of ones that don't last very long
Yes
But the production was like, I canceled
I've done like two shows that were great
But they've only gone for two or three seasons
So like, it's nice when they're kind of in that thing
But I don't know what tomorrow is, so I'm okay
I mean, everything I work on fucking lasts forever, too
Cause my fucking shit, gold
It's gold
I love the new season of acceptable TV, by the way
I've never failed in anything
God damn it, fuck you
Not you
No, it says fuck you on your phone
Yeah, yeah, so I'm telling you to go fuck yourself
Oh, you just, you did animals
What did you do, first season or second season?
Oh, I did the first season
I was a rat
Yeah, I think, I think I may have
Did they show that one at Starburn's
My animation studio?
I saw it
Is that yours?
I saw it at like a
The rap party
Yeah
At the bar, were you invited to that?
I, you know, it's like
It's really touch and go with these guys
Phil and Mike, cause I can't
I can't, I just
I just
I just go random now
I just say
Hey Phil, hey Mike, and like half the time I
I nail it
Oh, right, like you don't know which one's which
Did they look alike, right?
I mean, they're Jewish, is that?
I thought it was
Can we have one show where this
Conversation doesn't happen
I know the difference, but I was like
In a room with them, you know what I mean
I know I've been there
I have an office in the same building as them
I can go like inspect their faces
It's about how much you want to know
I've watched YouTube videos
And I've frozen the frame
And I'm like, like someone have a different ear lobe
Someone do something
I think they dress differently
That's what I noticed
Maybe you have racial recognition
I have, I'm pretty, you know
I like to fall back on the face-blind
Phrase, but a lot of people say
I'm just a prick
But, but, but
I think what it is is that your
Your brain is battling for glucose
The different, the different sections
Of it when you're developing
So if catching a frisbee
Like, like makes
Like your brain think
This guy's jam is frisbee
That's going to lead to more of him
In the DNA strain
So you need to play frisbee with everybody, you know
So we need to send more resources
To the part of your brain that catches and throws frisbees
Like, but you need those early successes
To trigger those board meetings, you know
And I think like recognizing
Telling the difference between two people
Who are mocking you
It only makes it worse
To humanize them, you know
I just, I just, I just
I just consider it obviously to like remember people
But at the same time I'm like
Who gives a shit? There's so many people
At least I don't know who you are
Yeah, exactly
I think it's fun
I remember I met Ryan Gosling once
Ryan, you're here
But, I met him very briefly
But when I met him
I was like, hi, I'm Alia
And he was like, Alia, so nice to meet you
Alia, and I was like
He's either a Scientologist or just like
Works really hard at remembering people's names
And then I ran into him another time
And I was like, there's no fucking way
Ryan Gosling can remember who I am
And he was like, Alia, right?
And I was just like, this is why you're a movie star
Everybody, he's working so hard
He's also a crime fighter
We've learned on this show
One of our very good friends
Daniel Gillies has this story
We have to drag it out of him because he's one of these
High roady, fancy pants
He's a real life hero
Ryan's just a friend
He's a wonderful person
He's a New Zealand actor who
Saw news of Katrina happening
And just went, I gotta go down there
And help, like without
No designs on anybody knowing about it
And then in the story
You have to drag it out of him
Because he knows how it sounds for it
But the story is that
So he called Ryan Gosling his good friend
And Ryan was like, I'm already
On my way
Ryan's like getting out of bed
He's like, I'm already on my way
The thing is, hook me a flight
The part of the story that he leaves out is that
Ryan was already in New Orleans because he was there
Like shooting?
Destroying the levee
So he's the first one on the scene
Right?
I mean
I mean, it's clever
But
Just focus
Just act well
Just be a good movie star too
You have to rig the game like this
I'm sure you're a wonderful performer
Our expectations aren't that high of him
Alright, well speaking of celebrities
And the culture of them
I think it's time to bring out
Our San Diego Comic Con correspondent
Ryan Ridley
Hello
Have we spoken to Spencer at all yet?
Have we even said hi to Spencer?
Oh, hi Spencer
Hey Spencer
I say hi to Spencer three times a day
Spencer's mic doesn't seem to be on
Spencer's doing a bit
This is called mute protest
Spencer, before we get to Ryan Ridley
Did you enjoy your Comic Con experience?
Oh, it was great
Every year it's great
I walked 16 miles on Saturday
Friday
Saturday
16 miles
Finally, take it up with the health app
That's what it told me
That's good, that's a lot
No, it's bad, it's terrible
My feet are like irons that are hot
Hot iron
Are you getting blisters?
Oh, I get blisters, I have something
I don't know if they're corns or bunions
Or who knows what, but they
Manifest at Comic Con
Boy, I tell you what
I wonder if it's any different
In either direction because of your
Somewhat famous
Webbed feet
Oh, it's exactly because of my
Somewhat famous webbed feet
No, I have skin
It does weird stuff sometimes
That's probably why my feet are
Webbed, it's all connected
Only two toes of my feet are webbed
Yeah, but it would
I'm not like a fish man
Fish don't have
Facial hair
Catfish kind of do
Oh, yeah
That they do
I feel like an idiot now
Also, there's the bearded clam
I like how you settled back into
Your scene, you're like, bearded clam
I'm just saying some fish
Have facial hair
Um, well
Ridley, did you
Were you in San Diego, Alia?
No, I wasn't this year
A film I did called The Final Girls
Which, thanks, yeah
It's a really fun movie that nobody
Saw because they didn't know how to
Provote it
He is, I know that guy
He's a great guy
So him and Todd
Oh, look at you
He's doing a dance
He takes a lot of pride in that
But they were doing some kind of
He's been doing this strange promotion
For the film, like doing midnight screens
And stuff, and he did something
At Comic Con this year where he had an ice cream truck
Called Ice Cream for Ice Cream
Something like that
Where they were trying to promote it
Still, and Thomas was there
And Angela Trimber, it was something
Obviously, it wasn't enough to get me to go
What's the conceit
The conceit
And then I want you to perform
The key scene
I wanted to know what the movie's about
But I wanted you to think I went to Harvard
Yeah, I did it
It's about
These kids who go see
A movie that the main girl's mom
Was in, it's like an 80's horror movie
And then they get sucked into the movie
And they have to escape
Last action hero with the horror genre
Totally, it's a really fun romp
Nice Ridley
Thank you Spencer
This is why he's the subcomptroller
Did you also go to Harvard?
subcomptroller?
Jeff is the controller
And I've sub-perimacationally
You see, it's helpful
There's a whole dynamic, I don't know
Plan B
Alright, well we were at Comic Con
I've been before, it is super, super fun
Alia, is that right?
Yeah, I mean in my head
Earlier, guess who else I know
Who?
Brad Copeland and John Levenstein
Who are those people?
The writers, sorry
Sorry, they're only writers
I've never met
The great writers
I've never met, what's the will in the show?
Hunting?
No, the one in the show
I've never met any of the actors, but I know the writers
Who's the will in the show?
I wanted to say Forte
Who's the will, sir?
You're twined, comedically
Listen, man, I'm freaking out
You're doing great, we know people in common
You're safe with me
I always get Will Forte mixed up with Will Sasso
And it's really weird
That's crazy
You were talking about Will Forte at a party
And I was imagining Will Sasso
And it was hilarious
What party was that, Spencer?
That party that there was hot dogs
On a plate or some shit
And people were yelling at people
Trying to tee up, Dan, for the next segment
Tell us about your party experience, Ryan Ridley
So every year, Ali, entertainment weekly
Or don't
Entertainment weekly has a party
At Comic-Con
I think it's the fanciest of the parties
In terms of like
It starts at nine
And then by ten, it's filled to fire code
And then you can't get in
Right
That was me just kind of teeing
That was my crawl
So you weren't left out of this
So you guys went to this amazing party?
Let me give you some backstory
I'm in my head a lot
This Comic-Con is weird
I don't know if I should feel more shame
Less shame, more insecure
Less insecure
I don't know which way the compass should spin
The what should spin?
The compass, for my psychological state of mind
Yeah, yeah, yeah
But I'll have you know
The hottest party at Comic-Con
The entertainment weekly party
And I'll have you know
That it was all I was talking about at work
For the entire week
Lording it over everyone's heads
On top of the fact
That I found out that Dan and Justin
Were not invited
I'm a writer in Rick and Morty
I should clarify that
You understand the relationship
This hierarchy
How did you score this coveted invitation?
Jeff?
Because neither did I know about it
Nor was I invited
I was told by haters
That it was my
Agencies
Behind the scenes manipulations
Apparently that's not true
The answer I got was
It's because I'm cool
Who told you that?
Yeah, did you tell yourself?
His agent told me that
Wait
What's the difference though
If you're going down the road
Of it's cool to be invited
To a Hollywood party
You're already in trouble
I'm happy to go down that road
You're right, objectively you're already in trouble
But you're in trouble when you wake up
It's a material universe
Until we return
To the beams of light that we were
Originally before the Big Bang
Which happens
So that light could bounce off
Stay on target
Comic-Con 2016
I want to know what happened at the party
Why is it cool
What is the difference
If your agency making manipulations
Why does that make you less cool
In terms of a Hollywood party
Because they're haters
They're trying to detract from his achievements
But why would that detract from it
Like usual, you get me
Yeah man
You're like George Costanza
I just realized that
Can I explain something
Exactly
This is what he doesn't get
I'm running all of this
This experience we're about to talk to
It's all through a filter
I don't belong, I shouldn't be here
I hate myself
Give me an example of a hater
And what a hater said to you about this
Who is Hayton
That's probably one of them
Here she is
Other writers and the staff of Rick and Morty
Were they trying
Were they trying to diminish
Your potential joy in this party
No Jeff, they were trying to
Of course
That's what they're always trying to do
What happened at the party
How can you say your name
You're on the list
But you said you were lording it
Over everybody, so of course
You created your own haters
He did do that
You're a hater
Party
Of course you're going to take a shot at that
I didn't even
Stoop to take the bait
I just called my agent and said
Why am I not on the EW list
I just found out Ryan fucking Ridley is
Exactly
Haters
So the first person
We saw when he walked in
Was Will Forte
Dammit Spencer
Picture Will Sasso for this story
Continue
And all of a sudden we see
Is this even acceptable to talk about these people
And what they're doing behind the scenes of things
That's the EW party, right
Maybe I'm going to make Will Forte
Look bad, actually no, he was a hero
He was your own judgment
And he couldn't get in
Or he clearly came and changed his mind
At some point, I don't know what happened
But he was like I'm out of here, going on their bar
And I'm looking at that and going
What the fuck hope do I have
I don't understand how this party works
They're not letting Will Forte in
I'm sitting here thinking I'm on the list
Finally I'm on the list
The list means nothing
What time are you getting there?
30, party starts at 9, cool time
Word of God, it's packed
I asked multiple friends to see if
My friend could get in and they're like
It's already at capacity, it seems like
It's going to be rough to get you A
On the list and then B in
The only thing that haunts me about that
Is that we did, the entire time we were standing
Outside waiting to be let in
There was one exception to that rule
There seemed to be abiding by strict
Fire code in letting people in
Except the fucking workaholics guys
Right past us
I don't know what they named
On Comic Con those dudes it feels like
Our glib enmity is becoming real now
I'm so jealous of them
There were professional football players
Who I was told were professional football players
Standing there, I didn't recognize them
Certainly, but there are people
Will Forte's getting turned away
We're sitting here, Dan Harmon
I guess he's a big deal, they're not letting
Us in and all of a sudden the fucking workaholics
Two thirds of them by the way
Which one was missing?
I don't know, the one in the Pitch Perfect movies
Well obviously ironically the actual workaholic
From their troupe, you know
The guy who's back in LA making phone calls
He's working, yeah
And they get the whistle on the wave
And they just stroll right past us
Last Comic Con I was hanging out with them
And Tom Green rolled up and was like
You guys want to smoke some weed?
We were like, alright
Smoking at a hotel lobby with Tom Green
And the workaholics did
Those guys
The first time I ran into them at Comic Con
It was, I had to
Find out retroactively after a guy talked to me
For a half hour asking a bunch of weird questions
About New Zealand
That they had convinced that guy that I was Peter Jackson
Oh that's a great joke
It was really funny
That is so good
The only guy who arguably
Was hurt by it
Was a guy who kind of
In practical joke karma
If he's such a
Fan of Peter fucking Jackson
He should know I'm not Peter Jackson
Like I don't have an accent
But he was definitely
He was a little traumatized
Because the punchline of the story
Is the guy after his third
I've never been to New Zealand
And the guy's like
Okay, very funny
When you're shooting there
When I was shooting there
I'm a writer
And the guy went
Fucking guys told me you were Peter Jackson
Like he was so
He looked over at that
They couldn't have written it better
And I was like you assholes
And they were like
I wouldn't even say they were cracking up
Because they probably do that every five minutes
They're almost bored by their own sensibilities
They're like we know it's funny
No, I like those guys
So you guys got into the party eventually?
Yeah, what happened in the party man?
Dan, you were saying earlier
That there was a control
Bouncer guy that was going a little over the edge
No human being
Should be given that much power
Like there's always checks and balances
There was a 25 year old kid
Who for the first time in his life
Was like telling people
He might recognize from movies and stuff
They can't come in, he was like told to hold the line
And he fucking snapped
He was inconsolably
He had lost his mind
He was like
The guy that Tom Cruise has to kill
In the basement in one of the worlds
Oh god
Like he had just become more
Strategy than man
To the point where he was like
His own mother was like what he had doing
Because we got
This happened twice
Like we got
Waved by my friend
Dan Snirson
Do I know a guy from Entertainment Weekly
Comes out
Because he's
Anticipating that it should be pretty easy
To get somebody in
And he works there
So he waves me forward so we have to walk
Past all the people that can't get in
And we stand there
Like man
His head was just wagging
All the time
Everything that was being said
To him was
Go fuck yourself and your whole family
And then whatever you were actually saying
He was just adding this
And I said
I got a little smile out of him
I think I diffused him just a hair
Because he's kept doing that
And I said
You're gonna be fine
Is gonna get in there
And I would not have come up here
I had been led to believe
That you're doing fine
But I think that just hit him
Like a drop of carbohydrates
Maybe he was just like showing teeth
Maybe I misinterpreted as a smile
Anyways hard to get into the party
But you're welcome
Because eventually
Dan Snirson who is the
Mench of the millennia
This guy could have just blown me off
It's a terrible dynamic too
And you're like I don't even want to go to the stupid party
That they won't let me in
I have to get into the story
Wait Dan are you saying that
Without you
Dan Harmon and Dan Snirson
The improbably named
Dan Snirson
That Ryan fucking Ridley
Wouldn't have gotten into that party
We were all on the list
This was about fire code
This is about games is what it was
White people will party
Say RSVP with a plus one
And then you'll be able to get into the party
And suddenly now you can't get to this level
Oh now you can get to this level but there's nine more levels after that
What the fuck kind of game are they playing
Why are they doing this to me
I'm the hero of the story
I don't know if the audience I feel like
Is the fucking villain in the story
I'm the hero of the story
I'm the hero this isn't my world
I don't get invited to these parties
And I'm like oh I'm getting invited to this party
From childhood
We've known since we were eight years old
He's never even met a celebrity
He's never even been in California
I'm giving him the time of his life
He's getting high with the wave on the yacht
He's with the Dr. Drew and EZ
Giving him noogies and stuff
At this party
Dr. Drew and EZ
Or Dr. Dre and EZ
Which is the one that gives advice
On TV shows
Those two were together
Because EZ
EZ's dead
The young actor who played EZ
I'm not an idiot
He was the one that was with Dr. Drew
The psychologist
Do you think they thought it was funny
That he was hanging that with Dr. Drew
Kind of like Dr. Dre
What kind of strange pairings at this party
You wouldn't believe it such as
Such as
Well I really
Just want to brag this isn't funny at all
You're going to take us
Across the threshold of the party right
Hopefully
Danny McBride came
Up to me
He's a fan
I don't know if he's a fan of the podcaster
If he's just Rick and Morty
Something tells me it's Rick and Morty
He wanted to meet me
The podcast
Who's like somebody
In the new trailer for Justice League
Anybody know about that little
Diddy
Thank you
He's an
Unequirable taste
It's like George
I wish I was at the party with you
To see it through your eyes
Remember my hijinks
I was yelling at people
It's great to have hijinks
I always do pranks at big parties
You're serious at this party
He just stood up everybody
Jesus Christ
He dropped that microphone on accident
And then did what a cat would do
Which is just he turned it into
Grooming himself
It was so clearly an accident
So Ryan
You are the self-proclaimed hero of the story
You just walked us across the first
Threshold I believe right
When you become active
What happens?
Well
Give us the key scene
We find out that Dan Schneersen
Can get us into
The next area
Which is just another place to wait
To get into the party
But a little bit nicer
Well I will say a lot nicer
He kept bringing us hot dogs and drinks
This guy who works
At Entertainment Weekly
Who interviewed me about Heat Vision
Like
He's done
I would say
Because of that
We have this bond
He's done interviews with me since then
We were kind of like kids
In the industry together
Like there was a fraternal bond
There maybe
And he respects you
I'm sorry this is so fucked up
His party ends and he was missing it
And he brought us hot dogs
Taking drink orders
And the party was so crowded
And then this waiting area
Is this like in a hotel?
The Hard Rock Cafe
Oh my god
I just blew my mind
I was at my happiest there
Because there were hot dogs
And I kept thinking
If you just flipped it
Easily that crowded hot area
If Johnny Depp was over here
And you were told
That this was like the platinum
Because it's like a place where you can go like this
And like
You go to the Viper Room
It's weird that culture of
This little tiny booth
Having a table is a VIP thing
At the Viper Room
But if you put that table anywhere else
You'd be like
I'm doing you a favor by sitting here
The game they played is we got into the
Party, the waiting area
And it was open
There were six of us that were together
And by the way immediately open bar
Spread out great
Magical amazing wonderful fresh air
And they're bringing us churros
And hot dogs
And we're laughing and we're vaping
And we're having a good time
But I'm still thinking
But I want to get in fucking there
Which looks miserable
Why did they do this to us?
It's about the search
It became a game
It was tolerated if it wasn't
The
The Snirson Factor turned it into a role playing game
Because it was like
There was a thing that needed to be unlocked
Like Minecraft or something
Like you needed to make something to make something to make something
And I did get
That's the longest I've ever waited for anything
And I was like I was kind of held together
With this sort of quest aspect of it
Because they kept saying five more minutes
And then we'll go and then you know what I mean
And then you go like well maybe five more minutes after that too
Because you don't want to
It's like gambling
Ryan you talked so much shit to your coworkers
For the past seven days
That you now have to get into this party
You can't go back home with your tail between your legs
And say that you didn't get in
And that was fueling every fiber of my being
That night
So here's the weird thing about the party
You finally get past the threshold
And the party, it's around a pool
Can I tell you one little detail
That's going to come back later in the story
So while we were out there
I was trying to you know play the game of
Like alright let's have a little
Fun with the situation
I knew we were the losers technically
And they're the winners and they're on the other side
And they bring us hot dogs so there's a room
That had like a patio
That went out to kind of our area
But it was also on the other side of it
Was the real party and there was a private room
And these people were in it, I didn't see who was in it
I grabbed the hot dog and I went up to that
And I leaned over and I go yeah you guys might be in that party
There's no hot dogs
And they're kind of like not looking at me
Basically acting like you guys are acting now
They can hear you though, there's no like wall between you two
No there's no wall, no
It was like a plexiglass like Pope Mobile wall
It was like bulletproof plastic
This is going to pay off later
Whoever was in there definitely heard me screaming
So you're just yelling at strangers now
You mean Taylor Swift because that's who you were yelling at
Did you not notice that?
I was yelling at the Hollywood elite Jeff
So far you are
Definitely the hero of the story
Thank you
There's no dispute there
So remember that detail so then we get
Finally let in to the grand
Event
Okay
So it's in the courtyard of a hotel
And there's a pool
And so you're partying around the pool
And but in the pool
Because
What are you going to put in the pool?
Awards
There's water in it
But what do you do?
Do you put copies of your magazine?
They'll get wet
You put a grease
Shark in a bunch of cones
So in the pool
Is a bunch of
What do you call them?
Lifesavers
Is that what you call them?
Intertubes
They're like little smaller intertubes
And
But also a bunch of
Young people
That were hired
Models
They were just like treading water
And hanging out on the floaties
And everyone was just
Staring at them
We were all
No matter how famous you were
If you were out of the pool
Because they were in the pool
You were better than them
They were reduced to
The white-haired guy that shows up at the party
And boogie nights that end up having to have the Coke girl
Like that guy
With the gray hair that just looks
At Walberg's dick and then it's like
It's pretty nice
It's nice to meet you
Kind of like weird Jackie Gleason
Jeff the killer
And they're all pruney
And forced to say
I'm so thirsty
Because we're like
So everyone's just
Staring at these people in the pool
And I'll tell you
Somebody came up to me and said
Can we ask you some questions
Like what do you think about this pool thing
You ask the people in the pool this question
No, they ask me what I thought of the people
In the pool
I just can't get over the fact
The crazy thing is that right now
If I got into the pool
That would be the weird thing
Right
I was just freaking out
I'm standing in a hotel
And I'm in the courtyard of a hotel
And there are humans
Being used as art
I hope they do
I could ruin everything
By using the pool right
Like Dan Harbour got in the pool
Or just anybody though
A family from Iowa got in the pool
Everyone would be like Jesus Christ do something
There was a lot of talk about me going in the pool
In my own head
And I was like trying to weigh
Like
This could be the coolest move ever
I'd be the guy who fucking would
Fuck the facade
Of the veneer of we're all too cool to go in the pool
In this fucking party I'm gonna go in
And everybody will talk about me and know my name
I hate the Hollywood elites
I hate them
Did the pool people count towards the capacity
Of the fire crew
Because that's stupid as fuck
I think they were technically their fire proof
Because they were way
They are in water
They're there to watch everybody burn
They're the only people that could
They could live through a fire for like 36 hours
Until all the water evaporated and they'd be like
It's getting hot in this pool
But they've got all of that time
Like we're still on the clock man
Now what were these
How many of these model swimmers were there
They were like I'm gonna say
I think they were like shifting
There was a little bit of a rotation there
It looked like there were seven or eight
The thing that really threw me
Because I was just like watching
I was super high
And so the whole thing had this weird
That's weird
But I kind of appreciate that stuff
Because then you get the luxury of feeling
Like Hunter S. Thompson
Like that's a favor they're doing you
Like it's like oh this party is crazy
I kind of feel like if it wasn't
We'd be disappointed
If there wasn't some weird fucking thing
Out of those parties is like
How odd they are that they're like humans
Are treated differently
You're more important for this like
Cast system yeah and you're like
Okay I guess like a shit on your face
And they're like it would be kind of okay
David Cross has that
Extended pit about like when
Desserts have like gold leaf on them
And it's just like fuck you
I can't even digest this
I'm just gonna shit it
Out of my asshole
After you serve it to me
It's gold
It is like
We use interchangeably words like
You know like red carpet stuff
Like luxury, pizzazz, glamour
The La La Land and all that stuff
But it's like all it is it's just like
It's just this fantasy of like holy shit
Like we're in the running man
And like you're running and I'm not
Like
That's why I thought anyways
If you called something
A VIP something I'm in like I'd pay
$50 for the letters VIP to be
Added to an otherwise identical ticket
That I had into an empty
Warehouse where nothing happened
Except farts
But if I'm going then I want
The VIP ticket to the fart house
But
So the weird thing for me
The deal breaker was I wasn't like offended
By any of it I wasn't like I was just like
High and like kind of going this is funny
Like it's like I always
This is a good chance for me to pretend
I'm in the first scene of someone's
Biopic you know like cause it's like
The camera's gotta be coming down on this
Like cause it could cost money to produce
This set so like
And there's like a bunch of people here so there's must be
Maybe Frank Oz is meeting someone
In the corner or like
Like Dan Harmon was there
Yeah I'm part of the panning thing
And I'm going like the thing about community
Like what would I have to say to be
To be recognizable in this like panning
Shot
So but the thing that really threw me
About the pool thing was this
There was this one kid this dude
He kept there was music playing
And he was like he kept like rapping
He was like if it was
Hip hop he was like he was like
Wrapping along with the music
And I was like it was really
The guy who was hired to just swim in the pool
Cause he was like sending this
Direct visual and audio signal
It's like no I'm here in the
At the same party
This is all happening to all of us at the same time
And it was like stop it
Like you're supposed to
Be like you're supposed to
Like yeah like you're supposed to be
Detached like
It would be like if a burger grew legs
Like on your bun
And tried to like it was like
You'd be like this is bad
And the chef would be like no I think that's great
You like beef don't you
And you'd be like no I like
Discs of meat
Where the other people in the pool being like
Henry what are you doing man
I think they would maybe float away from him
A little bit cause they're like I'm not going
Hitching my inner tube to that star
There's one pool person that was
Showboat and you're saying is that what the justice was
He was just having a good time
I'm saying
That's the reason why he was doing the thing that threw me
It's not his good time that threw me
What threw me was the actual audio
Visual stimulus of
Him
Instead of just floating aimlessly
In the pool which I thought was like oh it's like
Future art it's like handsome people in the pool
Like yeah you're sexy
Like be our pool
Like it's a cauldron
Where witches were like boiling you
And your essence is like
And then one of them is like do what dude
You're like no no no stop
Yeah you take like a canoe
Or kind of stir them a little bit
Just like
There's one guy at every
W party that's like
A Herman Kent
He's always got a man in the pool
Always keeps flipping the actors
In the pool
What do you think the explanation was
Do you think that it was they all lined up
Before they got in the pool and their boss said
Alright listen here are the rules
This, that and the other thing that breaks are every 15 minutes
So no don't just
Zone out and stare dead eye and kind of
Float around, don't talk
Just have fun with it, just be yourself
And then he was the one who broke the rule
Or he followed it
Or it was the opposite and they were like you guys
Have fun, rap, riff with the
Yell up at the celebrities and do bits with them
And have fun making a show and they're all like
These idiots are not doing anything and he's like
I'm fucking doing it
Yeah it could easily be that the rest of them are like
Fuck this I'm going dead inside
Or we don't know
That list leaked to Kanye
People were like oh Kanye is so
Crazy because he wants such specific things
But think about it he was doing the same thing
And so the list was like
Don't make eye contact, it was like a really specific
List of things that human art should do
At a party
I kind of get it if you're going to go through the threshold
As I would never of using humans as
Art I understand
Like having a very meticulous list
Of like I want to do something really specific here
Like where every five seconds
You all go
Or I want you all
To coordinate
Emotionally I want you all to feel
Washed out
Right? Yeah
Is that like humans doing something
Not natural
It should be like a screen saver
Where you're like okay they're doing this again
It's floating
He was like padding the water
And making little splishies
With the beat
I love hip hop all day long
And it was like somebody stun him
He must have been good
Tape a
Tape a taser to one of these sticks
Because he was showing humanity
And that breaks your heart
Exactly
Because then it becomes
Now you're at a party with strangers
Some of whom can't get out of the pool
As opposed to
Being at a party where humans are
Yes exactly
Do you think any of these people in the pool
Knew that there was actually a hero in their midst
Who was contemplating joining that
Somebody had come to the party
Against all odds to save
I know a kindred spirit when I see one
And this guy you know what else he did
Kenny Powers walked by
And all of a sudden he started going
He was the only one of the pool people
He just started going we're not worthy
We're not worthy and I was like
That's the fucking dork
And then a beat later I was like
That's me
I'm that pool guy
I felt like when they were getting their pictures
With people it was toward the end of the party
And it was like people charging out of the field
After like a soccer game or something
You got five minutes
You're fucking autographs
I get the fuck out
I think it's time
For me to bring back a little plot point
In our story
So just when you go through
The first threshold
And you wait in the first level
Of purgatory and then the second level
And then the hot dog's coming
You finally get into what you think
Is the promised land
And you wander around and you're like
More Game of Thronesers and you know
You're just rubbing up against them and you don't care
And there's the guys from Arrow and it's like
A living wax museum
And all I'm doing with my buddy
Who's never even met a celebrity
Just like look at that person
There's one goddamn room
And I'm like well I'm in
I worked hard for this I'm going everywhere
I'm going to use the whole buffalo in this party
And I walked up to this fucking room
And I look in this room
Emergency exit
And there's two giant dudes
Staying there but they could have been just regular guys
I couldn't quite tell they weren't polo shirts
And I look past them
And I see James Cameron
Oh yeah
There was one more level of elite
Inside this fucking concentric
Circle of eliteness
Just when you think we're all one now
We're all the Hollywood elite
Fuck everybody else
Is he alone in the room or what's his little air
He has no equals
He's waiting for Steve Jobs
Coast like floated
Before he can have a conversation
He's the loneliest guy in showbiz
Everybody knows that
Heavy lies in the crowd
It's celebrity Highlander
Like yeah
But actually there was a point
When there was a whistle and a wave and the pool guy got up
And went into the James Cameron room
And he's like that guy's good
The one that had pleased him with his rapping
Bring me the spry lad
He's like so you're comfortable in water for that long
How much for the pool people
Just cut to the Eli Roth thing with James Cameron
And a fucking ivory bathtub
The kids like dangling and chained over him
And he takes like this scythe
You exist in the water
Rubbing himself in his blood
Ah
And there's a speakerphone in the corners
There's his agent going like okay so Avatar 3
Do you do IMAX
Or are we going direct to
Smake, smake, smake, smake
What?
Why are you, what is happening to you
I'm smacked, smacked, smacked, smacked
I gotta go
Wait I want to follow that guy's story
Smacked, smacked, smacked, smacked, smacked
He's on the phone he's like
I can't represent James anymore
I'm losing my mind
There goes Todd, he can barely speak
But he's James Cameron's agent
Doing great
What are you going to do
Smacked, smacked, smacked, smacked
By the way
If you haven't guessed already
That was the room that he yelled
About the hot dogs in 2
Oh
Hot bags
Yeah
James Cameron heard me rubbing those hot dogs
Right in his fucking face
This never happened to me at a party before
I was at one point
Spencer Crittenden
Who is summer on Rick and Morty
Her husband, get this
He's an Irish firefighter
Spoiler
Yeah
You didn't picture it
It's like how much more manly can you get
He looks like an underwear model
Who's also an Irish firefighter
He didn't quite understand
But after a while he was like you're right
I was like no I'm sure Irish fires are harder to fight
What do you mean
The timbers different
I was like no the fucking
Your people are different
They've been through the worst
They're more extreme
I'm sure one of the Irish houses on fire
The fire is just a couple degrees hotter
And harder to put out
There's certainly more flammable fluids around
I wasn't connecting
Those dots
I was praising
Their
Be set upon history
And heritage
I turned out not to be Irish
I said in my DNA I'm fucking British
You are no Irish
I'm Irish
I thought you were doing an IRA joke
Because he's Northern Irish
Why would I do that
I think he
He says the wrong things all the time
Why would you ever think that I
Would put my foot in my mouth
Speaking of which
I want to play this recording before I forget
This is my girlfriend Cody
This is
I don't know if this is going to translate
I just can't get it
You have a song stuck in your head
Like they say
If you make it be in other people's head
That's how you get rid of it
It follows or something
I just have her
Her childhood voice
Stuck in my head because she's in the bathtub
And her dad's trying to get her to get out
But she's trying to get her dad to
Eat soap
Lather
She's handing him a plate
Is this from an old childhood video
That you watched a lot of her?
She did this yesterday with her
One of my favorite things
Is my girlfriend's channeling video
I forgot that detail
This is the home movie of hers
She's 12 years younger than me
She's a baby
But it's like
I know that model of camcorder
It's not wonder years
Footage where she's moving fast
And there's no audio
It's fucking
Shit, I did channel 101 videos
That her dad's using to taper
Naked
She's a child
But these things get stuck in your head
It's like
What are you going to do? I'm emotionally
I have a very low IQ
Emotionally
That means
I can date
I can date younger people because I work very hard
And I haven't matured
You've still been talking
And you're still like it's fine
She likes me and I like her
Dan forgot we were here for a while
I'm trying to find the
How do you make
How do you make the speaker
Thing go
12 years older than his girlfriend
Do you have to plug her in?
How do you do it?
It automatically is on speaker
Where do you put the fuel in?
Alright
Oh shit, I already fucked up
I scrubbed the thing
We're going to have to do it live
Cody, get up here
We're going live people
This is her telling her dad to eat
The soap suds
Eat it
Eat it okay
Eat that
Eat left
Eat this
Eat it
Did you eat it? Yes
That was so cute
She was 12 years old then?
She says she's 27
She
She says eat it 5,000 times
Did you eat it?
Maybe the visuals are important
I don't know
She turns and goes did you eat it?
And he goes yeah
And she goes okay
But then he's like okay
Now get out of the tub
I ate it
And then she's like just delaying
She likes being in the empty tub so much
That she does now is just like
She peed and so now she has to clean up
She's saying you can't see anything
There's no pee on camera but she's like pushing something
She's going I have to
She just wants to stay in the tub
So she invents a tub emergency
A tub emergency
Wait so that audio gets stuck in your head?
Yeah I just keep hearing her go eat it
Did you eat it?
Every time I eat
I just hear her like eat it
And I'm like alright
If she only knew that one day
She would be with someone who
Diane I'm sorry that was cute and all
But do you have anything else on the agenda?
I wanted to take a little here
You know I'm sure Alia
She was acting at such a young age
Here's a projection I'm making
It's like you in order to survive with your sanity
This silly business
You've had to
Become
Pretty well balanced
Or your alternative was to
Knock it over liquor stores
Just to get my high
So you've had
A long ago
You had to deal with some threshold where you're like
The only hope for survival
Psychologically is to know
That all this stuff is horseshit
So it's a bad timing
It's bad that this would be your episode
Talking about rock climbing
We're talking about
Which I also do
I can do 11a if anyone knows top roping
I can get as high as 11a
That's like maybe like bowling
200 so
I don't want to talk about rock climbing ever
Is that the indoor rock climbing thing?
That's your god damn right
I did level zeros and ones
So rock climbing conversations
That's in bouldering
Nobody knows about rock climbing in this fucking room
I'm in the wrong
Room
But I'll continue
You know what
We'll find you the right room
That party wasn't the only
Climbing I do
I just came to me
I was like that's a
Rock climbing
Social climbing at the Hollywood parties
Just want to make sure everybody got it
Eat it
Did you eat it?
Can I tell a story?
That was my point I wanted to add some humanity
Because I'm sure if you're not in Hollywood
You're probably into babies
Wait wait did someone say no
The story
These parties have a strong context
For me in that way
Who are you identify yourself?
They don't have to identify themselves
Why not?
It's your insecurity it's not their problem
I'm about to tell
What I think is probably one of the
Don't hype it up too much
No you're doing great man
Ryan I've known you for many years now
I would say
We don't really hang out enough
I've never seen you so aggressive before
You're a little more aggressive
No he's like this
He's like George Costanza
I'm a rock climber Jerry
I can't do the voice
I'm going to tell you I learned something
I've known Jeff
For 12 years
I've known Dan for 12 years
I've worked with Dan
Probably 50,000 million hours
On a few different things
He's just a really slow writer
I've known Spencer
For about a year and a half
Two years this guy fucking gets me
He gets me more than you do
That's not your fault I work with him
He should get me
How do you think I'm assessing you at the moment?
Sometimes you get me
What the fuck
Is this his friend here
Who is this guy
I get Ridley because I'm like
Light gray and then he's like
Just the slightly
Darker shade of gray
Like I could be him on a bad day
Or a good day
Yeah
I could be him on a bad day
Or I could be him
If I was having a bad day
You have to know where the commas are
And that's it
Wait, so what's the
Yeah, what's the
What happened at the party
Everything I've said
This whole shtick I'm doing
It's all to hoist myself up
In the ultimate patard
And you're all like
Most of the audience I could tell doesn't like me
Believe me, the no girl is just the brave one
Doesn't bother me
I know I've got some people who are like
What are you talking about
And you're like in the Spencer camp
Let's hear some claps
Thank you
Please clap
So we all
Love meeting
Your Game of Thronesers
We all love meeting your
EWs and your Will Fortes
And whatnot
But I'm about to tell you a story
That is going to high road everybody
On this stage and in this room
I
Tee it up
Just a little higher
You're a high dive act
Ryan is a high dive act
Where the ladder goes up so high
That the thing you show up to see
Is him fainting
You don't even get to see it
You just know it happened
Like someone radios down
Yeah, he fainted
I was wondering
What he was going to jump into
There's a cup of water
There's a guy rapping
If you guys
Don't give me the right answer
To the question I'm about to ask you
Jesus Christ
I'm going to shame you all
So just be prepared
I'm empirically going to be the hero
And you, whoever does not know
The answer to my question are going to be the villains
I was on the Comic-Con panel
For and I wanted to get something
Signed by Berkeley Breadth
At Bloom County
That's not the person I want you to care about yet
Can I guess the answer before you ask?
Sure
The Colorado River
We'll get there
I say I'm going to go meet
Berkeley Breadth and get something signed
Creative Bloom County's big inspiration to me
At 3 o'clock
I walked to the IDW booth
Where he was signing things
Turn on the corner
Who do I see sitting there?
Representative John Lewis
Who
Doesn't know who that is
Well no one's going to admit it because we know
We know a trap of it
I didn't know who this was
I don't know who it is
Alright, yeah, who is he?
No idea
Yes, Booyah
Civil Rights Movement
He was the Civil Rights Movement
You met the Civil Rights Movement?
I feel like
That backfired
I really thought that I could shame you guys for not knowing
But you guys are celebrating the fact that you don't know who this is
Yes, he was part of the Civil Rights Movement
This is what no one knows all about
You teed that up in the only way
That would make it possible for us to celebrate
Not knowing a Civil Rights Leader
Can we take this again?
He was the lesser of two evils to stomp on you
He wasn't at the EW party, have we already left that place?
No, this is earlier on the floor
So I see Representative John Lewis
He was part of the Civil Rights Movement
You can see pictures of him marching with
Martin Luther King Jr
He was portrayed in the movie Selma
Ever heard of it?
Okay
Where was I going with this?
Did I have a point?
He was also the face of
Remember a little something called
The Democrats trying to get the gun rights
Shit passed a couple weeks ago
And the sit in and the all night thing
He was the face of that
Why is he if you guys are like
Fuck the 60s
That happened at the convention hall
You wanted to talk about
Getting into the party, the EW party
That's more important things
This is the epilogue, dude
You just really wanted to
Okay, alright
Did you hang out with him?
Did you guys have a drink together?
Who was telling this story? This isn't an interview
This is a tale I'm unfolding at my own pace
Okay
I thought that was the end of the story
I hit plot points, I don't stop and go
Do you guys have any questions about what the booth looked like
Or what I was wearing now
You tell the story properly
I think Dan, you do
I know Ryan
What happened? I missed something
I was in my head
So you see him and what do you do
You go, well none of this matters because this guy
Actually did something
Berkeley breathed, he bites the gun
The only thing that matters is this guy
Does something
That's a better picture
That's a title for the episode
So I gotta shake this guy's hands
For real, I gotta shake this guy's hands
He's a part of history
So I go up and I see the guy
I go the end of the line
The line guy, cousins of these people
Who don't let us in anywhere
Says, I'm sorry, the line's cut off, no more people
Fuck, I wanna meet John Lewis
I wanna shake the hand of history
The wave last night, I wanna do the opposite
I wanna balance the scales
Carmically
So I say to the guy, can I please
Meet Mr. Lewis, and he goes, the line's cut off
No exceptions, and I go, fuck, I gotta do it
I gotta do it, and I go
Do you know the show Rick and Morty?
Yeah, I saw your badge
I know
Which was pretty cool
Pretty cool
Then he says
He continues to say
The line is closed
Go on
And I was like, fuck, he wasn't gonna let me in
The story's gonna get
There's more twists coming
I know it sounds you guys are like
His mouth is getting dry, he's getting nervous
We definitely did not think that
This is why
You heard a booming magical voice
Off camera say
Let that young man do as he pleases
Let that man balance the scales
He was born in a country that may not
Always keep its eye toward its dreams
And the camera swivels over
And it's Stephen Hawking
The guy, I walked away
Having been rejected, my Rick and Morty
Credibility, the only shred of what I have
Was not a currency I could use to meet John Lewis
Right, one second
Dan, it's now a bad time to do our ad for me, Andes
Can I get to the
Okay, yes
When I ended the cliffhanger, I was not allowed to meet John Lewis
Oh, yeah, that's great
No, no, no, no, no, the cliffhanger, then there's gonna be a commercial
What could happen next?
We'll have to find out
I hope that while Ryan was waiting in the exhibit hall
He was wearing comfortable underwear
I mean, if you go to
To a convention hall and you're wearing
Less than the most comfortable underwear
In the world
I mean, you're
Your own worst enemy
Being you
Man, lady, or
Any part of the continuum on which we exist
Gender-wise
That was close
The slippery shark
Yeah
He's falling asleep
That's a thing
But I really could never get past the history channel thing
I always called it the history channel
John Lewis also has a new show on history, I guess
As Dan Harmon, I end up in a lot of
Sticky situations
But my underwear
Is anything but
It stays smooth
Like an 80s chamois
When I run my hand
Across my fanny
If you're listening from the United Kingdom
That means
But
I think it means vagina
I'm telling the British people
Sorry
In my soft, silky
Silky sounds like
Let me tell you about meundies
I want to explain
Something to you that
You may not have known
We've been living in a marginalized
World
I'm not saying it's the matrix
We don't know what's a simulation
And what isn't, but we do know that
In reality, we are being marginalized
Point
If you drink
7-up
Every time you experience anxiety
And it makes you feel better
You're going to form an addiction to 7-up
Your neurology is going to form a relationship
With the things that provide it comfort
And as time goes on
It gets more and more complicated
It comes a point when you don't know
If what you're doing is what you want to do
What you need to do
You won't even be able to tell the difference
For those of you who have ever
Known someone with an addiction
You don't know whether you want
To do something or whether you think
You want to do something
My point being that
Like
Why did I go down that road?
You're doing an advertising
You were talking about your poopy underwears
Well
Wait
It should occur to you
That oh my god
If it's possible to have a weird relationship
With video games
Or alcohol
Or a certain restaurant
Where something becomes like a compulsion
An addiction
Can you imagine the things that you're not being told
Have been baked into your neurology
By a generation
That was already raised in artifice
That was here well before you got here
And was in charge of everything you ever saw or heard
You can imagine the possibility therefore
That it is
Possible for you to live on a limited
Plane of existence with absolutely
No consciousness of what you could be
Enter me undies
Wow
The underwear company that stood back
And said what is underwear
Like why does it feel
The way it feels
In a sea of people I'm sure
That no longer worked there
And said
It's not that complicated bro
I'm a fucking sexist pig
I don't work at me undies
I'm a piece of shit
What's it matter bro
If it ain't bro Ken don't fix it bro
I'm a bro
That was beautiful
Don't bro
Can fix it bro
And me undies took those people
And they just put them in the airlock
And as their silent screams
Fell on no ears but their own
They were flushed into space
Their body succumbed to the vacuum
That pre-existed time
And they were dealt with the way God
Deals with
With
You know bros
And then the only people left
Where people that
Live within a world where
Underwear can be more comfortable
Than you thought possible
Are they promoting the show or something
Maybe, I guess
We're promoting Dan
Don't be so cynical
Dan's just passionate about his underwear
I love me undies, that's the only undies I wear
For real?
If you go to meundies.com
Slash feral audio
That you get 20% off your first pair
And if you don't like them
Hey, guess what
You will
Let's say you're a stupid person
From an alien planet of stupid people
Who doesn't like the undies
Made out of the softest fabric
You've ever had, they're free
You get to keep them, you can do whatever you want with them
You can wash your car with them
I love it, I love meundies
You might be sold at me
I happen to wear meundies as well
And I'm not uncomfortable
Talking about their quality
I don't have to put my tongue in my cheek
Because I'm not comfortable shilling
I'm more than comfortable shilling for meundies
I'm not putting my tongue in my cheek
They're incredibly comfortable
Modal fabric, look it up
Modal?
Isn't as like
Twice as comfortable as regular underwear stuff
That's the head of meundies
Modal
Wait, are there meundies people in the audience?
Do we got any meundies?
There's this whole audience
You're wearing meundies, throw them up
I think a lot of these people are probably wearing meundies
Because weird travels fast
When an undergarment is like
Stepping into God's mouth
Is it
Only your genitals
Ryan, Alia, Dan
You're all fans of meundies
Is it true that meundies was created by pirates?
Pirates?
It feels like they were
Where's meundies?
From what I've read
You get different information from different websites
But it was a fabric
Stolen from an old pirate chest
One large piece of fabric
Not a lot of undies left
Well, it never runs out
A pirate chest
Okay
So you finally made it
Into the last level of the EW party
Let me tell you something
The last thing I'm going to say about meundies
Was the last thing
95% of my underwear is meundies
Because I was like, fuck, get this shit out of the way
Fucking hains in
I went to full 95%
Every now and then there's laundry
Why hang on to that other five?
Because you never know
Someone threw away underwear
You can find out that meundies
The company was all paid for by Nazi gold
You don't know that
Or it's laced with mercury
That's why it's so comfortable
Actually, it's made out of healthy babies
I happen to not be wearing
Meundies right now
I'm wearing Calvin Klein's
You're paying for it
Because I wear meundies
On nights
When I know there's going to be
Action
Well, sex?
God damn it, sex
After your performance tonight
We know that tonight is not one of those nights
And good
Because I'm wearing Calvin Klein's tonight
Because I wear the 5%
When I'm fucking podcast
Yes
Treat your other regions
Like
Like it's a
Like you're not
Ryan Ridley
On a podcast
Like every night is a special night
They're soft, I would want to counter that
Ryan, because I don't want to create an ad campaign
Where people are like, oh
These are my fuck underwear
These are not, you don't
I
Meundies is when you just want to feel like
You're fucking your underwear
They're fine with that
I've heard their ad campaigns, they're absolutely fine with that
People associate
The whole fucking thing
With the opposite of comfort
Like, oh, I'm going to wear these shoes because they make my ass look good
But that's not what I wear when I'm hanging out
On a Sunday, I'm saying wear your meundies
And this is great for all occasions
Let these other podcasts
That you're talking about
How fuckable they are
I'd like to talk about how they're good for hanging out
And itching your butt
Which is how you lead
Into sex
99% of the time I'm just hanging out
So yeah
When you itch your butt in meundies
It's like a doctor put on those clean sterile gloves
And like is itching
Your butt for you
Because it's like a smooth
Ridgeless finger
Dan, when you put on a pair of meundies
Do you reflexively just start touching one of your nipples?
Yeah
At the comic con thing I talked about this
I went and got a testicular exam
And while the doctor was like
Like
Fooling around
Not fooling around
I was fooling around
He was hard at work
He was doing this for his kids
He wasn't like
He didn't come up with this idea
I came in there
And just like check him
And then while he was doing it
I like caught myself
I rubbed my nipple
With my thumb
To make the most out of it
I was like
I caught myself doing it
And then he fixed my hair
He's like
Wouldn't be the first time
It was really weird because I wasn't
Turned on that I know of
But
I
Scratching your butthole does lead to
You know, excitement
I think in general
This is a guy checking me
For cancer in my balls
But
Cody, my girlfriend
When we were in Canada
Have you
Tell me if I'm crying
Have you ever done the thing
Did you ever want to aim
A man's
While he's peeing
Like to aim it around
Just once
I've only been in a committed relationship once
The only time I felt comfortable
To ask for control
You've only been in one committed relationship
And you took that opportunity to
Aim as P
I think that's enough for me
Mission accomplished
You might be the last
He checks it
Everyone's like
You're
Are you okay?
He wants to know
He'd be so excited
To see you
Get married
I thought I ruined her
With my weird pee pee
No, it wasn't that
I have asked to aim it
We always wonder what it's like
We did that one morning
He let her
Aim it
I think the next day
He said
You were touching your nipple
When I did that
I thought she was lying
Why would I do that
It wasn't a sexual thing
How would you notice touching your nipple
Naturally put your hand up
I think it's got to be a comfort thing
It's a security thing
I believe me
I'm all over this thing during sex
The nipple
Why is this happening
Either is fine
But
Anyways
Meundies are comfortable
We love meundies
It's good
But then I noticed it
It's worth noting
Fade up on the floor of Comic-Con
Where we last left our intrepid hero
He was trying to John Lewis
The civil rights activist
Autograph
But he couldn't
By lording over the fact
That he worked on the amazing show
Rick and Morty
Thank you
So as he was walking away
I said I get a tap in my shoulder
Ryan come here
Okay
Mr. Lewis we got one more guy
Can you please
This is the guy who controls the line
The gatekeeper
I think his heart
Yeah exactly
He looked at my gate
He got me
You guys certainly would not have done this for me
Trust me
He's like I feel bad for that guy
He's clearly got some fucking problems
So he goes come here
Takes me over to John Lewis
Look him in the eye shake his hand
Thank you so much for everything you've done
He goes just trying to make the world a better place
He didn't really say that I had to punch up his line
I swear it was the essence of that
He was like so what show are you working on
He said like some crazy anti-semitic thing
You're like really protecting this guy
He just launched
He wasn't even John Lewis
So I go
That was amazing
It really was I walked away
I'm being completely sincere I'm going to drop this character I'm doing
I mean that was amazing I was buzzing inside
It felt great I shook
The hand of a man who shook the hand of Martin Luther King Jr
Marched in Selma
All that stuff
This is the highlight of Comic Con
Fuck the EW party fuck the Game of Thrones shit
So I think
That guy he hooked me up he did me a favor
He knew who I was
He saw my name and he must know the show
So I go and we do a signing
And I say to Justin
Can you write on this card that we're signing
For everybody it's a picture from the show
Can you just write
Thank you for letting Ryan meet John Lewis
Justin Orlin
You got this photo
You were going to find this guy to give it to him
Thank you Alia
I think you're finding out
It's Alia
Nicaragua
I'm not going to get too real by that
So I get the card signed by Justin
Fight my way back
Through the madness that is the convention floor
Takes me 40 minutes to get from
Whatever one end of the other
Full of Hollywood elites
He doesn't care anymore
But now he doesn't care now he just sees them as green letters
He's like
Jenny McBride is just a pie symbol
Who's cascading like a waterfall
He's like hey you want to hang out
He's like no I don't care about your hands
Joss Whedon Joss Hooten
I rift that
So
Wait Dan you didn't stay at home all night
Writing that joke
You got that in your pocket
I did not have that in my pocket
I was much too highly crafted
But you can just
Rift number 14
You're working your way through the crowd
With this delicately signed
Photo in the air
The great Justin Roiland
And by the way
I have to throw my bosses under the bus all the time
Because I'm insecure
So I go to the convention floor
And I go back to the booth
And I don't see this guy
Now I know what he looks like
Also how many hours later is this
No wonder he's not there
He was working the booth all day
These aren't the Hollywood elites
They don't just come and go
Flights of fancy oh it's the next hot party
They're fucking working
John Lewis probably has a lot of shit to do
No no, not John Lewis the guy who helped me get the
Why is he like
He wrote a graphic novel
He wrote a graphic novel called March
About his history doing the civil rights movement
He wrote it?
He wrote some other people
He wrote most of it
Graphic novel
That's what I got signed
I got a signed copy
But get your own
I like graphic novelizations of stuff that I would never
You know
Like that mouse thing
Or there was like
Biographies of Freud and stuff
That I've looked at that were in comic book form
I'm probably not going to read it
But I got it signed by John Lewis
Anyway the point is I go to the booth
And I can't see the guy
But I know what he looks like
Like I really want to give him to this
And move on, I got other
So I'm like I can't see him
So finally I go to somebody works at the booth
And I go hey so I explain the whole story
I go this guy I don't know what his name is
But he hooked me up with John Lewis's signature
And like I think he likes the show
I work on I got him this and so
I don't know who he is but
He's a bigger guy
With glasses
And she looks me in the eye
And she goes I don't know who you're talking about
I go
He's a guy with glasses
A little bit bigger
You mean Joel
The shorter guy
Was this guy black?
No
That's what I was thinking
This is the key moment of the story
I was trying to say
He was big, he had glasses
I didn't know his name
She goes maybe Joel
But he's the shorter guy
Does anyone know what's going on here with this woman
What she's doing? She's shaming me
Because I described him as the bigger guy
We need to know though
Something that only you know right now
And she
When you say bigger
Describe tell us the description of this guy
Because we don't know if he's nine feet tall or not
He's nine feet tall
You meant fat
He was stocky
I don't know he was physically bigger
I didn't know what else to say
That was it
He was a white guy with glasses
I didn't know what else to say
You just described 80% of the people a Comic Con
How many of them are working at this booth
But she looked at me
She goes you mean the shorter guy
The shorter guy
So it's okay to call him the shorter guy
That's the correct dimension
To focus on
She's like sir I'm just trying to help you spine this guy
Height is cool
Height is cool but I can't
Right?
It's my pet peeve when people tell me
I'm over thinking or I'm projecting it to my head
But you
I really think that you're
I believe that what you
The piece that you're missing is that she is actually
She knows six
People
And you said bigger
And she said
She was diplomatic
She means tall big
By bigger do you mean the fat one
She was just skirting the issue
Dan do you not think I know when people
Don't like me
She was
Looking me in the eye and saying the words
You mean the shorter one
Trust me
Why would I tell this story
If it was like I knew
There was ten percent of a chance that I'm this delusional maniac
Of Tarantino and Dustle Don
I see Juliette Lewis saying
Eat my pussy and I, that's not really what she said
She said something else, yes she was shaming me
I still don't think James Cameron saw you yell about hot dogs
That's the point of delusions
Is that you don't know
Also I bet all of you know
This is all going on in your head and she's like showing you pictures
She's like this guy this guy and you're like
She thinks I'm crazy she thinks I'm this
And then she's like hello anybody
Alright well here he is
All I'm saying is
If I knew three guys
And one was tall and skinny
And one was short and fat
And one was tall and bigger
All around
And you were trying to
Someone said the bigger guy
I think the tall guy
Knowing me with my foot in my mouth I go the fat one
I don't know but I'm saying
Given that situation
The best like most courteous way of
That's all I'm saying
But I think
I will believe you
If you simply tell me
Because you just keep saying she's saying the shorter one
But what I want to hear from you is
You're saying regardless of her words
It was very clear from her face
Very clear
Judging you
As clear as she was
Girl
How dare you
You're not using that language
You're not so sensitive about it
It's like well look different it's okay
Thank you that's the point of the
High five finally
I'm not going to ask for a high five from any of you
Because you're still like who the fuck is this guy
Also they're far away
It would be awkward
Was she dress slutty?
I was just trying to trick him
While we have him like placid
Like he'd be like yeah she was dress slutty
Actually yeah she was just like okay
You got me
Like you don't know what's right and what's wrong
I'm just reprogramming you
Listen the arc of the story if we've all forgotten
Is I meet a civil rights hero
I decided to do the guy of favor
Who hooked me up with that
You're xenophobic
But I mean
You came back looking for a big old fatty
There were two guys who worked at the booth
And they were both five foot two
What do you mean the shorter one
What happened from letter
Did you let that stop you?
Of course not
Just like I'm not going to let any of this stop me
Telling the story
Not even our 30 minute me and these commercial
Could stop the story
So finally she says
You mean
The shorter one and I just go
Yeah the fucking shorter one
She goes that's Joel he's right over there
I'm like there he is that big fucking fat
Motherfucker
Take that goddamn soft pretzel out of your hand
And take this Rick and Morty signed fucking postcard
God damn pig thank you for letting me be John Lewis
I've been Ryan Ridley goodnight
Did he
Receive it
As well as his weird
Interesting
Spectromy whatever you would describe yourself
Kind of liking me not liking me
All that shit
But stuff you always talk about yourself
He was like you
I didn't know if he liked me or didn't like me
Was he thankful for
He was like thank you very much
Did we ever find out if he actually was a Rick and Morty fan
Well he said he saw my name
And if you're not a Rick and Morty fan
Well I would interpret that as look
If there was anything worth knowing about
You'd be on your fucking lacquer
He's literally just being like I see what's written on your lacquer
Yeah exactly you don't have to waste my fucking
Time with this shit
I've been reading lacquers all day
I live within hierarchy I know how
You're wearing a resume on your chest
I know how human chess works
I know you're a bishop I get it
Can I say the only part of regret about this entire night
Is the way I described him
He was very nice he wasn't what I was saying
I'm saying that because I'm repeating what Dan
Is always saying in the writer's room
Do you mean the spectromy part
Yeah all that stuff you're always saying that stuff
And it's gotten in my head I'm just like spouting it off
You know I learned from watching you
So I'm very sorry to everybody in their audience
Everybody watching he received it well
He was very nice you know
He was a little weird
But what do you want me to say at this point
I honestly didn't know
What was your problem
I don't
I don't want to say he was fat
But when he walked around
The conventions that are
He walked around
In comparison to
Alia
I'm trying different shit out
Comedy comes in threes when there's a vowel
It's pronounced three ways
Is there anything we talked about
You're like we're looking forward
To it on TBS no longer very funny
Just TBS
Look the
God damn it I already forgot
The fucking cock fucking shit name
Search party
God damn it
Why can't you name it Pokemon
So I can remember
Is that still valuable anymore
Is it like over now
Like a rare super spike
Because it was like holy shit
And then with all the fires
The world's about to end
Everything's happening so quickly
Rising and falling within one breath
It's almost like it was a symptom
Of that level of
Heightness itself
My therapist says
You're up at that setting
That was the only environment in which
This Pokemon thing could have like
Either it's because we wanted a distraction
Or it's because
We were just so fucking amped up
And that game was about being kind of
I'm not saying it was random
Like it would have been about toothpicks
I mean it was obviously a game that had its
But it's also people who have the memory of it too
Like the young people now knowing
But it's like an overnight now it's done
It was like five articles a day
It's already crescendoed
Is there one up here right now
Oh this is a joke
This is crawling within a ran
This comic book story
Is more Jim than it will ever be
Where's my red team at
Fuck you guys
I don't play it
I'm kidding
Blue
Yellow
Green
One dude
So we have to take to the streets of Donald Trump becomes president
These teams will be the fighting forces
Okay
So really remember your colors
You will have to fight
Spencer you guys are saying
You feel like this has run its course
I'm only talking about the press
That's all
My friend told me about it at dinner
He was like you hear about this Pokemon thing
And I was like no what are you talking about
Literally within moments every 20 minutes
More and more people like exponentially
That's the thing it's all exponentially growing
I was just talking about the news cycle
Like it was a quarter
Of all press
Usually if something like that happens
There's a little more of a bell curve
There's money here
You know you ring it dry
But this was just like
There's a shit fuck ton of money for two days here
For the press and then it was like
Fuckin' Trump
They just like fucking spasm
About Pokemon and it peaked
Literally there was a headline that says
Trump says he hasn't played Pokemon yet
Here's the article that was marked
The spearhead of that stalagmite
It was like shot up through the roof
Of the cave into God's eye
Like Trump hasn't
Played Pokemon yet
New York Times
And people were just like
Because there was the article about how they were playing it
To the Holocaust Museum was asking
Like look
I'm not one of these this isn't news
People like that in all the comment sections
Dude why is this news
Your dumb is why
Why is the comment section your blog
Because you're fucking stupid that's why this is news
You fucking parasite
Like stop comment
Why would you log in
You need an account to say
Why is this news
Do something about it
With wheat paste
Or a bottle or something
Make a gas mask out of it
Get visceral about it
Did you say visceral
Get visceral
I've been feeding you already
We have a 20 year confession to make
About what we've been doing
Why we've never been on stage at the same time
She's your serenity
Ellie has been piloting me
Like in the 80's
When there was that monkey that could
Drive a car and it was the trainer
Was driving it while laying down
You mean an huge revolution
Yeah I think they had to do those
Effects they did
Anyways let's wrap this up
What was I talking about
Stay on target
I was talking about Pokemon
The Holocaust Museum piece
The last paragraph of the
Article
Why is this news
The truth is if you just put cell phones
In place of any of those articles
That's all it was
Woman gets carjacked while playing Pokemon
She was using her cell phone
She was playing Pokemon
It was just ubiquity
That's
You're clicking on these articles
Like oh Pokemon is so important
And the cause of people killing themselves
It's like no everyone's doing it with their phones
Before that
Guy uses Instagram before he
Like joins a race gang
Right
It just wasn't news because it wasn't
But do you think it's Pokemon
The reason why people
Like is because it does physically
Make you look for things
You're actually walking around
So the Holocaust Museum said
Please just can you
Not Pokemon while you're looking at the piles
We're trying
There's something for sale here and it's not
Do you think the Holocaust Museum is
Not what you're buying
Do you think the Holocaust Museum is like a gym or a poke stop
It was a poke stop because they were like
They use landmarks and stuff and there's only so many landmarks
That would bother to say can you please not
Have Jesus Christ
You know who didn't have any problem
The Tolerance Museum
What is that by the way
Jeff I should clarify
This isn't the Holocaust Museum
That loves Holocaust
I think it is a form of
Tolerance Museum
I don't know how many Holocaust Museums
Are there like
A simpler time
Join me
Won't you
I'm Harry Holocaust
We don't agree with everything that happened back then
We're just saying
People had lemonade
Like take a trip back
With us and it's all like there's T-shirts
No it was a
It's the Holocaust Museum
So the article is just
It's a non-news piece because it's just like
They're just going can we not be a poke stop
Like obviously we shouldn't be a poke stop
Because there's people there's Nitterans
There's people running and they're going like
And so the only article was just like
They're asking you to please not do that
But then I know
I know it was a fake quote it had to be a fake
Quote because the last paragraph was
It's not like
We came here to play the game
Says Annie 37
Or something I can't remember her name
I remember the age was 37 because it just sounds like a fake age
It sounds like they're like we don't want it to be
Like it just sounds fake
Whose name is withheld because
She didn't want a bit so it's like fake fake fake fake
And then it's like the last like she goes
Because it's continuing her quote
It's not like we came here to play the game
Says Annie something 37
Who withheld her last name
But gotta catch them all
And it was like
Come on so fake
All of these headlines or all these articles
About Pokemon Go are coming out as fake too
You know they already did like
All the craziest ones
They did like you know how they have those ads
Testing
They already have a Pokemon one like
We're gonna catch them all about
STDs and I was like
They just made it
My girlfriend and I watched porn together
We're at Comic Con
We're like oh my god there must be like 70
Pokemon ponds already
Because there's like ones where
I've seen The Simpsons Ponds
They're like covered in makeup
But there's like
There's a guy on a hoverboard
And it's like
When hoverboards became big enough
That there was a cuckold video
And you know what cuckold porn is
Cuckold porn is like guys
Like maybe I shouldn't limit it to gender
But I think it's traditionally a guy
Who is getting fucked around on
Either he's into it or he's not
He's fucked around on
He has to watch
And he can't do anything about it
Because his dick is smaller
And he's on a hoverboard
And he comes into the porn scene
And he goes like
I got a hoverboard
And he's got a helmet on
But later on
He'll be naked on the hoverboard
Watching his wife fuck another guy
The guy that sold him the hoverboard
And just kind of going like
He's like wheeling around the room
You have to find this video
I thought we already talked about this
Because this guy is like a master
You watch a man control a scene
From the lowest status position
It's bad cuckold porn because
He's running the fucking show
Because he's like a robot man
And the other two can't stop laughing
And they're freaking out
This guy's unpredictable
He loves being naked on a hoverboard
Watching me fuck his wife
Like I am not the bigger man here
He's like I do love him
It's unmistakable that
Every
Figurative cock that's worth anything
Is his to wield
And I am left with only
This absolutely vestigial
Redundant meat tube
Which happens to be
Cosmetically larger diameter
But is absolutely powerless
In every way
This guy's a star
That's what technology does
It makes us doubt what we're born with
Who did you meet for in Rain Man?
Tom Cruise? He loved Dustin Hoffman
He's like wheeling around the room
Going like
He's like I don't need just a vagina
He's like yeah watch it
He does everything anyone says
Get over here and lick his balls
How do you play licking another guy's balls
Because your wife told you to
How do you play that high status
You don't but if you play it
If you love licking those balls
And you don't give a fuck about human life
It just seems like he's like
He just seems like
He seems like
He's like little finger
It's a Game of Thrones reference
He knows exactly
He's like this is power
How is he reacting to all of this
He licks the balls
And he like stares with dead eyes
At his wife
And it's like
He just feels his gaze go through the back of her head
And she's like
She just finished telling him to lick another guy's balls
So that she could pay for his hoverboard
But she's just unseen
Yeah well she's
He couldn't pay for the hoverboard
It's a tee up for a cuckold porn
Honey I got this cuckold
And the guy that sold him the cuckold
The guy that sold him the hoverboard
Comes in and goes like
Yeah he loves this hoverboard
Ryan please stay
Did we lose you at the cuckold board
Well I'm getting a little turned on
There does seem to be some movement
Calvin Klein on this
There's no more vodka Ryan
There's no more vodka
Well now you feel like a real asshole
That's just as well
That's how we time ourselves
There's another podcast upstairs where all the vodka is
Real quick real quick
At Comic Con we were doing this game
Because you know everyone had Game of Thrones
Meeting people fever
That's been our show thanks for coming to Harmontown everybody
No the bit is not going to be
That'll get cut off
The bit is not going to be that cut
It's not the narrative of the evening
What I say is going to fucking kill
Don't set yourself up like that Ryan
You've got fucking shit
You're all doing shit
We're all going to get in a hoverboard
And make you lick somebody else's balls
Listen Dan
You're going to like this story
We've been hurt before Ryan
Listen it's all
Because part of the fun is that I say something
And then there's silence and I'm like
Oh my god I'm in my head
And I'm horrible
We're already past our time
Do you got to play the fucking Dungeons and Dragons bullshit?
No just tell the story
It's not a story it's an anecdote
I would be done by now
We were at Game of Thrones fever
So we all met Game of Thrones
And then everyone's going like a dancing
Listen Ryan
No no no no
This is ridiculous
I'm nipping at your heels to the guest comptrollers
Grouping wrong tell the story
So Dan goes
To Steve Levy his assistant
He goes
We've got another hour to go
We're into overtime folks
He's telling everybody who they are
Who they are in Game of Thrones terms
You know who they are in Game of Thrones terms
Based on their relationship to Dan and everything like that
Because you're this person and that person goes
Steve Levy you're Podrick you're my Podrick
And I don't know what you called yourself
What did you call yourself?
I like to think of myself as a
Died in the wool Baratheon
Which one specifically?
The fat one
So I'm hearing all this
You mean the shorter one?
Very good
I mean
I'm killing over here
We could have ended the show five times
So he goes
No no no no
So he goes he's doing everybody
And I hear this ago I walk up and I go
Alright man do me
So who would I be in Game of Thrones
You'd be even little or finger
Thank you very much it's the end of the show
Good night everybody
We did it
Ryan Ridley everybody
Alia Schrockat everybody
Alia Schrockat
Thank you so much
Steve Levy
Spencer Crittenden
Check out search party on TBS
One day one day
Also if you're wondering the music tonight is by
KaliFontecchio.com
She's going on tour she's awesome
Drive fast take chances
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show